Skill Tree Update Ver. 1.3.3 Added Added new skill trees and paths to
choose Removed The Clutter version of coins have been removed

Structure Update Ver. 1.3.2 Added Added New structures Added Slot for
torches and lanterns New turtorial for using voice chat Updates Updated
guardvillagers Updated Simple Voice Chat

Fixes Update Ver. 1.3.1 Updates Updated Sodium, Iris, Indium, Quad,
Supplementaries Fixes Fixed rendering issues with modded blocks on
servers Fixed crash caused by fabric seasons

Decoration Update Ver. 1.3.0 (Likely the last update for a while)
Features Added new doors Added new roof blocks Added new paths Added new
window blocks Added new bridges Added new armor,weapons, and shields.
Fixes Fixed Difficulty to be more scaled toward progression instead of
being rushed early game (again)

Quality of Life Update Ver. 1.2.1 Features Added easier to read hud
Added portable hole Added sorting tool Added echo chest Added new totem
effects

Wood Update Ver. 1.2.0 (Reupload) Features Added sawmill Added new music
tools Added new crafting table and chest variants Added new perspective
tools Fixes Fixed GL error spam

Boat Update Ver. 1.1.2 Updates Updated Smallships Updated several other
mods

Patch Update Ver. 3.1.1 Updates Updated Friends and Foes Fixes Fixed
Hotbar

Mini Update Ver. 1.1.0 Features Added missing features intended for the
1.0.0 release Added new Armor types Added new food items Added new
decoration items New Elytra Variants Fixes Fixed Sound bug in Inventory
Fixed Performance issues in the Nether Fixed Difficulty to be more
scaled toward progression instead of being rushed early game Fixed
Default Config issues

Version 1.0.0

Added new bosses

Added new weapons

Added early game tools

Added temperature

Added ability to put weapons on back

Added painting

Added world hosting

Added new villagers

Added new furniture

Added enchantment descriptions

Faster load speeds on slower devices

Updated several mods

Tweaked settings

Rebranded because northern reigons was a bad name

Northern Regions 0.3.3 Small Update Updated minimap and worldmap mod

Northern Regions 0.3.2 Removed Create Sodium Fix (The mod caused
rendering issues with other mods so Create will be removed from the
modpack until Create Fabric is fixed.)

Northern Regions 0.3.1 Create Update Added Create Fabric Sodium fix
until Create Fabric fixes the issue Added Immersive Aircrafts

Northern Regions 0.3.1 Forgot something :c Added Fabric Seasons Compat

Northern Regions 0.3.0 Big update

Added SuperSteeds

Added Spoiledz

Added Seasons

Added Talkbubbles

Updated Several Mods

Other small changes

Northern Regions 0.2.4 Changes Added NiftyCarts

Northern Regions 0.2.2 by IcyVolcano This is a reupload

Updated several mods.

Added Archers, Paladins, Jewelry, Projectile Damage.

Tweaked settings.

Northern Regions 0.2.1 Changelog:

Updated Iceberg

Added Controlify

Northern Regions 0.2.0 Kinda big update:

Added Labels, Snowy Spirit, Easy Anvils, Seamless Loading Screen,
Dungeons and Taverns, Guard Villagers.

Changed main menu.

Northern Regions 0.1.2 Changelog:

Updated Xaeros World Map, Xaeros MiniMap, Wizards, Iris, Patchouli, Chat
heads, BetteF3, Betterstats, Elytratrims, Deeperdarker,
SimpleCopperPipes, SoundPhysicsRemastered, Stendhal, Extractinator,
AmbientSounds, ArmorStatues, AzureLibarary, BetteArcheology, Towns and
Towers, Supplementaries, Farmersdelight, Spell Engine, Simple Voice
Chat, Ultris, Geckolib

Added Custom Soundtrack

Northern Regions 0.1.1 First update to fix performance and stuff

Removed Music Control

Removed Cave Dust

Removed Hybrid Aquatic

Removed Vectorientation

Added main menu text

Added Infinite Music

Northern Regions 0.1.0 First Release (Reuploaded)
